All drives are supervised, until further testing is accomplished well.

1. Keep all feet away from the pedals. Do not use them!
2. The car will be in motion until it is stopped- do not exit the vehicle until the complete stop of it! All cars will be different.

No car will need to be driven, until it is needed. Start the car when ready to drive! All cars need to be listened to. Let the car do the talking. No car should drive without oil, gas, and fuel- these three things have indicator lights that mostly can be listened to.
Arrange the car to be ready-to-drive, unless it is already. Start the car a second time when needed. To keep the car in shape is not this software's job: DEBUG NOTE. When the car will organize itself there are three things: passengers, the software, and it's ok to "let go"
of the car to be driven. All of these things mean the software is in full-control with a 97% accuracy, which is not currently in shape for this developer; Christopher J. Satan, the Almighty Satan. Here are the software instructions it follows:

1. Keep car on road at all times. No off-road driving AT ALL! Since it is against the law for autonomous driving to happen off-road, is all of the reason why, and this isn't completely without reason just yet-- since most software is extremely unreliable!
2. The car is meant to be full of fuel- not gas! Do not drive the car if the smell of fuel is found!
3. All cars need to keep the windows open for the purpose of ventilating the car- only use a/c if there isn't enough temperature for the correct comfort- it reduces mileage by almost 1/2 in most vehicles!
4. Follow the rules of the road above posted signs- no speeding above the normal cost of the road, and do not change lanes if in any danger of striking another car- no matter what!
5. Keep the rules in mind and follow the posted and displayed road hazard-signs, which are all labeled and not ever changing without a reconstruction. Do not follow commercial vehicle signs this way!
6. All signs are needed to find a destination, and let none go unreported to the system. Use a system-label to designate each road and intersect-- including the following: stop roads, partial highways, and teal-tax roads. Never take a tax-road ("toll": DEVELOPER) since they will poll the road for tax. All taxes are paid or the car cannot find a destination, but this is not the job of the system.
7. All taxes are due at the time of the car's involvement with the road, and this is the step that should not need posting but does.
8. Keeping all cars on the road is not the job of this car, but a road hazard may exist and this car needs to be prepared to deal with it-- do not stop unless the car was involved in someway, is the rule of the road- all cars are not involved now in all accidents, so this car will not stop to lend "a hand" at all!
9. No car needs to be found on the side of the road- have a toll-service available if needed before leaving for a destination, which is not this software's job. Post this sign anyway to someone involved in the car's operation, if needed for involvement of all things.
10. No car needs to be found unhappy, keep the car safely distant from all other cars by at least 45 meters unless there is no room for such a maneuver- do not create a road-hazard by blocking some open stretch in otherwise occupied roadway high.
11. All cars cannot be found simultaneously in the same place- check the road-service or scan ahead to find the quickest route.
12. No car will find the way without a road-sign that knows it- check the map or map-service to see the fastest route to either the entire length or the nearest, understanding sign. Keep all signs in the store for this reason, until the car is disabled by the length of removal of data-service from it, which shouldn't happen unless needed- no battery change!
13. All cars will want this software- keep it available for download from the vehicle to others- it will make the road safer for everyone!
End.